hello today nastya fans
Today I will show how to paint
your usual hair you lie down
as you see, I will not show you very much
cool happened too can be said on
channel
kraftool brush
and how without pink water we open
our paint
I would choose such a brush
dunk our pink water dunk ours
the color of each is selected and ask the thread,
who did not drink this letter
Here we take our brush
we smear hair we wait while dries and calculation
whole and here you can search and thread
arose in taste who you drink macro
I'm afraid to look
she will not put advise when you
to dye their hair should be dry
to paint well restrain
here
Soon there will be a review on my monster dolls
hi
I will try to do it somehow
cut that
to make it faster and after the first one
washing your head everything will not wash off
there will be no speck but if you want
to interest my friends somehow
so they did just such a garbage need
already every month and by the way that the camera is not
conveys this goal I painted pink and
lamp
some stained leave and
that's how much I do not compare it you here
pink which is so very light on
the tip is already saturated pink
and here it is right all the ball to it well here
if you succeed put your fingers
comment below
subscribe to my channel like gulls 7
nights
yet stay the same beautiful
kind and good 7